# Topic: Universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject.

The university is vital to education, just as education to society. Whether universities should have equal numbers of male and female students in every subject really matters. Under such circumstance, people agree with the issue insisting that both genders should have the same right to receive advanced education. From my perspective, it is ridiculous and non-sense to enforce every subject in every university to accept equal number of males and females.

First of all, enforcing universities to have same number of men and women students will ruin the right for students to receive higer education. We cannot ignore the fact that men and women are born with differences, both physically and mentally. Generally speaking, males have better strength and logic thinking while females are better at suppleness and circumspection, etc. Naturally, people will be more willing to do works in their talented field. Thus men tend to learn subjects like engineering or sciences and women are more likely to learn art or literature. Accepting equal number of male and female students ignore their phisical and mental competence and may even leads to inequality. For example, my friend Zhang loves physics, however, pursuing an absolute equality in the number of different genders calls for more girls, then he was refused when attending the interview because to girls. It is unfair and thus it is irrational to ….The confinement raise the risk of losing truly fitted students.

What's more, it will lose talents for the society. So the sex ratio of applicants for each subject are not just right at 50% male to 50% female. It is difficult or even impossible for an engineering major to have the same number of men and women, since maybe only men apply for it. It should be students' ability and potential on this subject rather than their genders to determine of university admission. 

Though there may be some benefits to have equal males and females in the same subject, such as increasing some people support the xxx because the opportunities for both genders to learn how to get along with each other and being a symbol of elimination of sex discrimination and equal rights to get education, 这些问题相比于他们的学习是可以忽略的I do think forcing an engineering subject to have women as many as men and for this aim even seting a special bar of scores for minority will hurt the equality eventually. The best way to solve this problem is fair competition between male and female students.

In my conclusion, it’s . ，Because fair competition and equal respect to both genders are the most important when a university is selecting its students.
